[MUSIC]
This is it,
the final week of the capstone project.
After completing this week's notebook
you will have successfully implemented
a complete reinforcement learning system,
from problem specification to careful
selection of meta-parameters.
Today we'll discuss that careful
selection of meta-parameters part.
Recall all the key performance parameters
that we identified in an earlier part of
the capstone.
We need to pick good values of each of
these if we have any hope of building
a successful learning agent.
[SOUND] In practice we will likely
have to use rules of thumb for
many of these choices.
However, in some cases we have
the opportunity to study the impacts of
the parameters to gain insight.
For example, when learning in our
simulator we can test our agent with many
different configurations
of the parameters.
This can help us identify a good range for
a particular parameter.
This might also help us set the parameter
when we deploy the agent on the moon.
In research we might test our algorithms
in a variety of simulated problems
with many different parameter settings.
This can provide insight into how our
algorithms might behave in general.
Running such scientific studies is
not just useful for scientists, but
it's also useful in industry too.
In both cases it is important to truly
understand the methods you deploy.
Let's think about how we might better
understand how our algorithm behaves with
different parameters.
We can pick a range of each parameter and
test several values in that range.
We can visualize the results with
a parameter sensitivity curve.
On the y-axis we have
some performance measure.
For example, if we ran the agent for
50 episodes this measure could be the sum
of the returns over these 50 episodes.
We call this the total return.
We then average this across multiple
runs to get an average total return.
On the x-axis we have the values
of the parameter we are testing.
We do a complete run for
each value of the meta-parameter.
This means we run the agent for
the allocated number of steps,
say 10,000 steps, for
the desired number of runs, say 30 rounds.
We compute the total return for each run
and average those numbers over 30 runs.
We plot these averages for
each chosen meta-parameter to
obtain the sensitivity curve.
This curve provides insight into how
the algorithm behaves for a range of its
meta-parameters, as well as how difficult
it might be to pick those parameters.
If the curve is very pointed,
then it indicates there is
a narrow range of good parameters.
If you did not know this ahead of time,
then it is unlikely you would
find this good parameter setting.
Even if you managed to pick
a meta-parameter very near the best one,
the performance could be much worse.
So even though in the best case
the iron can perform well in practice,
it could perform significantly worse.
You might think, well,
once I have found this good setting
I can just use that meta-parameter and
get the good performance.
Unfortunately, for a new problem the best
meta-parameter is likely different.
Rather this analysis suggests you
might have a hard time picking
the meta-parameter.
So we need to be careful in deployment.
On the other hand,
if the range of good parameters is broad,
then it is more likely you will be
successful in choosing a good one.
Further, it might indicate that your
algorithm is not too sensitive to its
meta-parameter in general.
This is even more likely to be
true if you observe similar
sensitivity to the meta-parameter
across problems.
We do have to pay attention to a couple
factors to produce meaningful curves.
First, we have to test a sufficient
number of values for the meta-parameters.
Otherwise our approximation to the true
parameter sensitivity curve will be poor.
To see why, imagine that the true curve
with respect to alpha looks like this.
If we subsample only a few points to test,
we may accidentally jump over
the best value of those parameters.
We also need to test a sufficiently
wide range of the parameters.
If we choose a range that the best
value is at one end of the range,
we may miss out on better
values of the meta-parameter.
Don't worry,
we will not ask you to exhaustively test
each combination of the meta-parameters.
You will only get to sweep over one of the
parameters for your expected SARSA agent.
That way you will gain some experience
doing a parameter study, but
you won't have to wait hours for
your program to run.
We will suggest good values for
the remaining parameters.
It is important to note that
we do not use parameter
sweeps to actually select parameters for
real problems.
Rather this is a strategy for
understanding our algorithms
in simplified settings.
It is typically not feasible to
systematically test the agent with many
meta-parameters.
How can we test landing
the module on the moon over and
over with bad meta-parameter settings
that might cause repeated crashes?
You would be fired in no time.
It is so
important to understand our algorithms and
how they might behave this is especially
true in deployment in the real world, or
in this case, in outer space.
And that's it for today's video.
Good luck in the final part
of the capstone project.